trigger warning this movie was released
in 2007 and is about a deadly virus a
group of people are forced to be
quarantined in an apartment building
things get tense and stay that way until
the end while this is my total and
honest opinion of the movie it will not
come close to the tension of watching it
yourself links to the movie are in the
description as well coco and pippi are
at a very empty supermarket buying a lot
of groceries coco the guy who looks like
how i feel when shopping with my wife is
the husband of pregnant pippi people
start rushing into the store creating
chaos as they fight to load their
shopping carts koko and pippi seem
unperturbed by this and just keep it
moving pb puts her feet up in the car
while coco tries to convince her that
he's willing to move them to cordoba
sierra's a remote part of argentina
pippi isn't buying it because coco is a
city boy but she doesn't say it as
politely as i did in the parking garage
at their apartment coco does the thing
every man feels obligated to do try to
carry all the groceries in one trip he
rolls past horatio who is covering up
his heavily modified car coco plays it
cool because he's just really laid back
like that he starts coughing because of
horatio cigar smoke but says it's just a
nervous take the news on tv does what it
always does tell us things we already
know there is a highly contagious virus
going around fine it was 2007 and maybe
nobody took this movie seriously then
but were paying attention now in the
middle of dinner they get a call saying
that someone from every apartment must
come down to the lobby outside are a
bunch of dudes in hazmat suits busy
sealing up the building it turns out
that one of the tenants has contracted
the virus so now the men in white want
to know how many people are in the
building googly eyrini takes a head
count and tells them that it's maybe 17
if the chinese family and 10a are still
in the building the entire building gets
put under quarantine and the tenants are
told to call 833 if there's an emergency
they also get given social distancing
protocols but no one is instructed to
wear a mask these dudes in 2007 had it
easy horatio isn't happy that googly
arena told them how many residents there
are zanuto the gent with a dog just
quietly slips away as if we didn't
notice how sick he looked in the
elevator write-up coco has another one
of his coughs horatio sinai's him
telling him to have it taken care of
koko does the right thing by doing a
stock take which pepe thinks is crazy oh
pippi you're so cute when you have no
idea how real things are gonna get the
internet isn't working and 883 just has
a recording put them on hold the doctor
does come to check in on them and he
looks just like every frontline worker i
know he straight up admits that they
have no idea how long the pandemic will
last after the doctor leaves zanudo
comes to borrow an adapter for his
electric shaver pipi ends up giving him
some razor blades because they don't
have an adapter the true terror of
quarantine sets in when they are stuck
playing board games pippi was beating
coco at everything except battleships
and then it happened coco is now eating
froot loops in the middle of the night i
relate to this man so much the news is
pretty bleak hospitals are overwhelmed
airports are closed and it's mad max in
the streets the tv finally gets around
to telling us the symptoms of the virus
nausea headache high fever confusion and
disorientation are the first symptoms of
the virus since the tv said it i'm sure
it will be important later coco gets
around to giving himself a makeover but
along with a beard it seems he's also
trying on a new personality my man here
is committed to being badass pippi
interrupts his transformation to tell
him she heard screaming outside coco
ignoring all common sense goes out to
have a look him pulling his shirt over
his nose is his version of a mask
guglierini who are referred to as gugu
from now on and lange are outside zanu's
apartment trying to convince him to let
them in or they'll huff and they'll puff
and they'll use that tiny hammer to
break the door down that's not what they
said they just wanted to talk as friends
so nudo wasn't buying it because he
could see the hammer goku and lance
bounced leaving some vague threats in
their wake meanwhile coco who heard the
whole thing manages to get himself snuck
on because he left his back exposed
luckily it was his buddy horatio who's
wearing full hazmat gear the man is
unhappy about how coco is dressed so he
spots kogo a few items like light bulbs
and stuff to seal his windows and doors
he also throws in a complimentary
indoctrination vhs with a warning to
watch out for gugu and lance when koko
gets home he lies to pippi about what
happened never lie to your wife he takes
out some of the light bulbs as if that's
all he got from horatio never lie to
your wife coco got a gun as well but
judging by the way he's holding it he's
liable to hurt himself which of course
doesn't compare to him hiding it in a
fuse box near the floor proper firearm
storage is crucial coco tries out the
full hazmat suit just in time for
horatio to tell him to meet in sauna at
the sauna horatio reveals that gugu and
lange have a proposal for him regarding
senudo but they didn't want to include
koko koko's like okay bye but horatio
tells him that they must stick together
because today it's a noodle and tomorrow
it could be one of them i see you
horatio putting together your own squad
google and lance pitch up with lange's
son ezekiel when koko asks if they're
not going to wait for zanudo gugu says
zanudo is the problem they suspect that
he's sick with only a few days left to
live they want to move him to tendy
since the chinese folks in 10a aren't
here gugu says that they'll make him
comfortable while they quarantine him
till he dies except that all of y'all
are supposed to be in quarantine five
grown men in asana don't meet the
requirements of social distancing koko
and horatio are not on board with this
plan but google and lance reasoned that
they must look out for their families
lance claims to be running out of food
and that his son had seen zanudo unload
a carload of food oh that is super shady
at this point horatio has had enough he
declares everything above the fourth
floor a no-go zone if any of these gents
set foot on the fourth floor it'll be an
act of war that escalated quickly the
boys bounce and go to horatio's crib
where coco meets horatio's daughter
there's a room with an intense lock on
it but coco wisely says nothing horatio
comes back with a bag and they go back
outside to set non-lethal charges on the
elevator and the stairs when he gets
home coco lies to pippi again about what
he was doing she tells him that she's
changed all the light bulbs and the
cocoa must focus on his household and
not the neighbor's problems but pippi if
coco wasn't being so nosy you wouldn't
even have light bulbs to change outside
there's an explosion and sirens clearly
it's getting real in the streets coco is
worried about senudo and goes to see
horatio so that they can warn him
horatio says it's late and asks what
time the game is koko has no idea what
he's talking about so he goes to see
zanudo on his own you're a good guy koko
just as coco gets to zanudo's place kugu
and land break in senudo looking all
kinds of crazy blows lange's head off
with a shotgun gugu catches a full load
in the gut and ezekiel takes off running
to mama sununu goes after him and blasts
ezekiel and mama as well koko has asked
tripping one of the explosives and
catching it in the face he gets to his
apartment and waits out a long tense
moment with senudo on the other side of
the door things went from zero to a
hundred real quick pippi is not happy
with coco's extracurricular activities
and locks herself in the bathroom in the
morning zanu was at the door asking for
coco to help him in the basement because
the power went out at his place coco
begs pippi to convince senudo that he
isn't there pipi doesn't want to play
alone and strands coco at the door coco
pretends to be pippy but gives it away
when he coughs sanudo says coco must let
him know if he wants the adapter back
except he borrowed razor blades koko
goes back to horatio who gives him some
kevlar to wear because they're going
exploring horatio shows coco how to use
the pistol and teaches him the double
tap horatio doesn't need any advice on
how to survive the apocalypse coco says
he won't kill anyone so her ratio lays
down an ultimatum either you're in or
we're done for good coco decides he's in
they go down via the elevator to gugu's
place they break into goo-goo's and
don't find anyone horatio starts looting
and says they're stockpiling not
stealing kugu's wife comes in calling
for him the old lady is out of it
talking nonsense as she dies the gents
get back to work when gugu's daughter
comes in and sees them she runs outside
calling for help only to get gunned down
by zanudo man he is on a mission coco
and horatio try to set up an ambush for
zanudo horatio gives coco the shotgun
because koko left his pistol on the sofa
senudo using his magical night vision
sunglasses spots them in the mirror and
leaves when they go after him they find
the elevator in use so they take the
stairs on the roof horatio signs to coco
that he must wait coco doesn't have a
clue her issue i admire you for giving
coco the benefit of the doubt coco
eventually follows horatio out and after
a good while of stalking they find no
zanudo they find lange and his family in
the sauna looking ripe in the south
american sun one of the explosives is
tripped and when they go down to
investigate pippi also comes outside to
check coco wastes time trying to
convince her to go back inside which she
eventually does but in his rush to catch
up to horatio he triggers another
explosive they follow a trail of blood
thinking it's a nudo only to find more
bodies this man has had a busy night
zanudo takes a shot at them but misses
when zanudo shoots the fuse box killing
the lights koko turns on his helmet
light horatio gets koko to turn it off
because he wants to use kem lights at
this point i'm not sure what her ratio
wouldn't be prepared for horatio tells
the nuna that they had nothing to do
with gugu's plan and that they can
resolve things in a civilized manner all
sunudo has to do with surrender there's
a lot of shooting in the dark by all
three men with little reloading for the
number of shots fired everybody was
moving and shooting and not one bullet
hit someone horatio calls for a truce
again senuto says he wasn't sick it was
just a seasonal cold and gugu and lange
messed with him the gents eventually lay
down their guns and meet in the light
horatio and sanudo go off into the dark
to have a knife fight coco picks up a
pistol while he waits to see who comes
back sonuto strolls out of the dark but
a trembling coco can't manage to shoot
him the safety was on zanudo asks koko
to take care of his dog gets into his
car and dies with a knife in his back
coco and horatio decide to go outside
for the first time in a while things are
bleak in the outside world everything is
dead from the radio to the people a car
rolls up while the gents aren't looking
and two men get out and go towards the
building horatio has a dizzy spell when
coco sees that the building door is open
coco moves to inspect the entrance when
another man steps out of the vehicle
they managed to kill him and coco also
retrieves the other two who entered the
building i don't know what they did with
them but i imagine coco now has a
different world view coco takes horatio
back home who doesn't look too good at
his place koko does the right thing with
a pistol but not with a shotgun koko
explains to pippi where he got the bag
of goods from and they sit down to have
a nice meal i know you're happy that
your husband is a badass pippy but
you're still pregnant so you shouldn't
be drinking that wine there's a knock on
the door and coco finds horatio's
daughter with a note horatio asks that
they take care of her coco finds horatio
cleaning a gun who then gives him the
keys to the well locked door horatio is
loaded for bear he then tells coco the
code for a freezer safe with enough food
for the entire building horatio tells
coco that this is nothing compared to
what he's prepared in the corridor with
sierras he gives koko a map in exchange
for taking luli his daughter with him
horatio says that she isn't sick horatio
has been playing the long game with koko
the whole time horatio goes outside for
one last smoke and asks koko to do him a
solid man-to-man favor he doesn't want
to go out like gugu's wife koko refuses
to kill horatio but also says he can't
take care of horatio's daughter he
suggests that they go look for her
mother instead her ratio isn't having it
and stabs coco in the leg coco shoots
horatio in the gut which only pisses him
off further horatio now thinks that coco
just wants to take his stuff and abandon
luly the virus is clearly doing its job
he shoots coco in the other leg and
traps him on the landing when chang the
father of the chinese family shows up
and plugs horatio in the head what i did
not see that coming koko and chang load
horatio's car with his supplies their
families luli and zenuto's dog and right
off to the cordoba sierras
you